DOC-849: Add documentation about Jakarta servlet updates (#2044)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: enterprise/server/index.md

The easiest way to deploy these files is to copy them into the *webapps* directory of your Tomcat/Jetty installation and then restart the application server.

> > **Note:** Tomcat 10 will require the applications to be placed in *webapps-javaee*. Once placed there they will be converted by Tomcat to the Jakarta servlet framework. [Tomcat 10 Migration guide](https://tomcat.apache.org/migration-10.html#Specification_APIs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Tomcat 10 will require the applications to be placed in *webapps-javaee* directory. Once placed there they will be converted by Tomcat to the Jakarta servlet framework. [Tomcat 10 Migration guide](https://tomcat.apache.org/migration-10.html#Specification_APIs)
```

> > **Note:** Tomcat 10 will require the applications to be placed in *webapps-javaee*. Once placed there they will be converted by Tomcat to the Jakarta servelet framework. [Tomcat 10 Migration guide](https://tomcat.apache.org/migration-10.html#Specification_APIs)

Reviewer 2: I think there's a typo here: `servelet`. Shouldn't it be `servlet`?

Author: Fixed
